What?
Seeing is me
Are you disappointed?
I have no obligation to listen to you talk
This battle
After all, I won
So what?
Enjoy the benefits of the family
Then have to think of a way
Return it
Of course
It's normal for you not to understand
Anyway, you're just
An orphan that no one needs
Accept your fate
Admit your identity
This sister-in-law
I'm waiting for you
Willing to call me
Today, calling you guys here
I hope
The cooperation of the two families Gu and He
Can continue
The two of you
Dad takes both of you very seriously
Hope you young people cooperate
Xi Xi
This time, if you leave
In front of your father
The cooperation between the two families
There will be no possibility of saving
Completely terminated
I do what I say